docs: update opensearch dashboards index name in dr docs (#1002)
elastisys/welkin: docs/operator-manual/disaster-recovery.md

#### Restoring OpenSearch Dashboards data

> Data in OpenSearch Dashboards (saved searches, visualizations, dashboards, etc) is stored in the index `.kibana_x`. To restore that data you first need to delete the index and then do a restore.

Reviewer: Not sure if this would just make people more confused?
```suggestion
Data in OpenSearch Dashboards (saved searches, visualizations, dashboards, etc) is stored in the write index of the alias`.kibana`. To restore that data you first need to delete the index and then do a restore.
```

Author: I think I prefer your suggestion
